The blue goat in Hakodate is sad.
The song of love of friends, the flower of the yak.
The words of love still remain in my heart.
The sadness of the lifeless sand.
If you hold it gently, it will fall between your fingers.
The grass of the shrine in the hut is lying down.
The heart of the 15th is sitting in the sky.
The boy is envious.
He flies and sings.
The mountain of the hometown is not saying anything.
The mountain of the hometown is grateful.
The people who have left me and left me.
The mountain of the hometown is sad.
The blue sky is sad.
When I close my eyes, nothing is in my heart.
I wonder if I will open my eyes again.
The sand of the mountain in the city.
I cry and cry.
The mountain of the mountain in the city.